Spices -- They are good for the soul but they are aslo good for our bodies
we've got roundup of all the best spices and what makes them so good for your health
in a very famous town that you're too stupid to have heard of.
Hey guys,Tara here from Dnews and if you are a person who enjoys cooking or eating then you'll happy to know
that many of spices we use in our food everyday can also have very real health benefits
a new study from Rush University Medical Center finds that
cinnamon can actually reverse the anatomical changes that occur in
brain of mice.
I'm going to demonstrate how you how we can leverage a synergy.
First of all, I've got this banana
This banana represents "Web 2.0" and look,
I've written on it some "user-generated content"
just to prove the point [You Suck, WTF, LOL]
I take my "Web 2.0" and I put it in an envelope
marked "paradigm shift".
OK. Very important, I put the envelope down and
With a bit of "blue sky thinking"
I "push the envelope"
Then, I take my leverage mallet, and
URGH!
RGRRRRRARGRGGH!!
EURGGGARRRRGGGRRGARGG!! AHAARRAGGHGRRAGAHAARGH!!!!
...and there we can see a synergy, leveraged.